Ma.
Ma, you almost done?
Still workin', baby.
It's the weekend.
How 'bout we watch a movie,
one of the old ones you like?
Maybe later.
It's a date then.
Oh, yeah?
Who's payin'?
Oh, look at this face.
My big, strong bull of a boy.
You're gettin' so handsome,
I can't take it.
Boys, not inside!
You'll break something,
runnin' around like lunatics.
Jack, stop it!
Benny, what the hell
are you doing?
Do you hear me?
Get out of there!
God damn it!
Sorry, Ma.
You're in trouble now.
'Cause we...
are a zombie family.
No! No!
I'm gonna eat
those sweet brains.
-No!
-Let's feast!
No!
Delicious brains!
My favorite. What a treat!
Jack, come here, sweetheart.
Now I'm a zombie.
-Must eat Ozzie's brain.
-Benny!
Will you take the boys out
for me?
You got it, Mom. Of course.
Thank you. My good boy.
Go take 'em.
All right, Benny, Oz,
get your coats.
We're going outside for a while.
Nah. I'm gonna stay and help Ma.
Oswald, you need
to exercise your leg,
build up your strength.
Benny.
Hold still.
This stupid zipper!
I'm sorry, biscuit.
We'll get you a new coat soon.
Oh, and, Jack, I want you
to find Rex down there
and give him his book, will ya?
Oswald, give me the book.
-I can do it.
-I said Jack.
-Okay.
-Go on.
Let's go.
Oh, and, boys, the second
those streetlights come on,
I want your little asses home.
Ya hear me?
Yes, Ma.
-I don't wanna play baseball.
-You don't wanna play baseball,
-what do you wanna play?
-I don't know. Soccer.
Damn.
Look at those rims.
Rex must be the richest guy
in Gotham.
Is it made of real gold?
No, Benny, it's just paint.
Gotta be something, though, huh?
I'm sorry.
Get him up. Get his ass up.
-Been waitin' all week...
-Hey, we should come back later.
-Rex!
-Hey.
Jackie boy, that you?
Shit!
Fuckin' Popeye over here.
Come here.
Stay here with Benny.
Ma don't want
you getting involved.
Hey, fellas, you remember
Francis Cobb's son?
He's joinin' the ROTC,
be a hero. Ain't that right?
Yeah.
What you got for me?
-How's your mom doing?
-She's all right.
Give her my regards.
Hey, Rex. Nice to see ya.
Oz, watch your mouth.
-How much he give ya?
-Fifty. Come on.
Holy shit! Can I see?
We can go to the arcade
and play Double Dragon forever.
No. I'm gonna give it to Ma.
Rain's coming.
We gotta get inside.
Benny, you wanna play
flashlight tag?
-Yes. Flashlight tag.
-Yeah?
Mr. Calabrese don't pay Ma
nearly enough,
nothing close
to what she deserves.
What are you talkin' about?
He just gave us 50 bucks.
Look, I'm tellin' you,
he ain't a good guy.
You ever wonder
where he gets all that money?
I don't have to.
He's a gangster.
Now it's coming down.
Here we go. Here we go.
Benny, you first.
Here you go. Oz.
Got 'em.
I'm keepin' the red one.
Ozzie, you're it first.
Fine.
Count to 10... slowly.
And no peekin'.
Go. Let's go.
One, two, three, four...
...ten.
Ready or not...
I know you're here somewhere.
Oz.
Guys, come on.
This is bullshit.
You're supposed to stay
in the station.
You gotta be kiddin' me.
Hey! I can hear you
down there.
Then come get us.
I found you.
Shouldn't have to flash
this stupid light in your faces
for it to count.
You know the rules, Oz.
Fine.
Hurry up!
Come on, Ozzie.
-Hey, Oz, you okay?
-Screw this!
-Oz.
-Screw you guys!
Oz, what's going on?
You know it's hard
for me to get down there!
I'm sorry, Oz.
We'll start over, all right?
I'll be it this time.
You and Benny can hide.
Have fun gettin' out!
Hey.
Oz?
-Oz, open the door.
-Oz! Don't--
Get back here
and open this door.
-Oz?
-Please!
Oswald, Jesus! You're soaking.
What happened?
Come here.
Where are your brothers?
They went to the movies.
With what money?
Rex gave Jack some cash.
Why didn't you go?
I wanted to be with you.
Jack shouldn't have let you
walk home by yourself.
I don't need Jack's help.
Course not.
'Cause my Oswald's tough...
and gettin' stronger
every goddamn day.
What do ya say
we watch our own movie, huh?
Have our little date?
Can I pick which one?
Well, you always pick
the same damn thing, but sure.
Oswald, what movie did you say
they went to?
I'm worried I'm gonna have to
pick 'em up with all this rain.
Uh...
Beetlejuice, I think.
Here, I made your favorite,
whiskey and soda.
Thank you.
Oh, Christ. What I wouldn't do
to get out of here.
Live in one of them penthouses
all the celebrities buy.
That'd be nice, huh?
Top floor.
No one above ya or beside ya.
One day, Ma.
You ready to watch the movie?
Yeah.
-You warm enough?
-Yeah.
-You?
-Yeah. Cozy.
Let us out!
Let me out!
Please let us out!
-Help!
Please let us out of here!
Help!
Beautiful.
Thank you, Councilman.
Ma?
Vic?
Shit.
Hey, Vic.
Vic. Victor. Vic, wake up.
Victor! Hey!
Vic.
Where the fuck is Ma?
Where is she?
-I don't--
-Come on.
Sofia... Sofia took her.
-Took her where? How?
-I don't know. I, um...
We were dancing, and...
and the lights came on.
Shut up.
Fuck! It's Sal.
Come on, Vic. You gotta get
outta here. Come on.
You gotta go.
-Get outta here.
-What about you?
They got my ma.
I gotta face this head-on.
All right, call Zhao,
Donny Boy. Go down the chain.
Tell 'em what's going on.
Oz, I'm sorry.
Fuck your guilt.
Just get me an army, kid. Go.
Don't fuckin' move.
Yeah, yeah.
Take it easy!
I ain't resisting.
Hey, Sal.
I found this at your place.
Never cared much
for the game, myself.
Too much sittin' and waitin'.
Feels a little different,
doesn't it, Oz?
No cops, no guards,
nothing to hold me back.
They were my blood. My wife!
Sir, you have an agreement
-with Ms. Gigante.
-My son! My heart!
-You filthy piece of shit!
-Sir!
Sofia got you on a tight leash,
huh, Sal?
Nah. Nah, nah.
She and I, we want
the same things in the end.
Yeah.
That's just a little taste
of what you got comin'.
We got your mother.
Yeah.
We got your family now.
Good morning.
Sofia, I got him.
How's the old lady?
Sofia! Jesus,
don't-don't hurt her!
She got nothin' to do with this.
Come on!
I'll do whatever you want.
-You hear that?
-Do you feel better?
It's not enough, Sofia.
I know. Have patience.
We're gonna kill him soon.
Okay, okay.
I'll call you
when we're headed your way.
You're taking us
to see your operation.
I ain't doin' shit
till I know my ma's all right.
Just let me talk to her.
Are you tryin'
to make a deal, Oz?
With me?
Nothin' personal, remember?
Huh? Just part of the game.
I hold up my end.
You hold up yours.
You remember?
You said that to me. Right?
You looked me right in the eye,
like a gentleman,
and you assured me
you wouldn't hurt my family.
Guess what. I'm a gentleman too,
and I'm gonna give you
the exact same deal.
Go on.
I brought you breakfast.
You nervous?
No.
Francis Cobb...
That's your name, right?
You know, Oz told me
you died a few years back.
-Mmm.
-He was torn up about it, too.
I actually felt bad for him.
Yeah, well...
some people are easy marks.
Mmm.
So, did you bring me
all the way out here
to feed me toast,
or you gonna kill me?
Depends on your son.
He's with Salvatore Maroni
right now.
And if Oz leads us to the drugs
that he stole from me,
then there are options.
You don't know shit
about my boy, do ya?
He's gonna roast Sal
like he did his wife
and their bastard son,
and then he's comin' for you.
You have a lot of confidence
in your son.
Yes, I do.
So how'd you end up here then?
You know, Oswald used
to rave about this house,
how beautiful it was,
but I...
I just ain't so impressed.
This place ain't got
no goddamn personality.
You afraid of color
or somethin'?
You can blame my father.
The Falcones were...
a bit conservative.
Oh, yeah, that's right.
You're a... What? A Gigante now.
Yeah, yeah. Oswald told me.
What are you gonna do next?
Dye your hair pink?
Get an ass tattoo?
That'll teach
your daddy a lesson.
Oz tells you a lot, huh?
Yes, he does.
I'll be honest with you.
All those years working
for my family,
I never gave much thought
to Oz's childhood.
I know the, uh, highlights,
of course.
He loves making a meal
out of those.
"I'm an Eastside kid.
I got a bum leg.
No father."
But those things don't make you
a monster, do they?
Someone shaped him.
Okay, you wanna know
about my boy, Oswald?
Please.
He's always two steps ahead.
All those years,
driving you around,
cleanin' up after you
and your family,
he was watchin', studyin'.
He knows this game better
than you.
You changed your name. So what?
Okay, you think
everything's different now.
That don't change the game,
sweetheart.
Drugs is drugs.
Crack, Bliss, dope, Drops...
it's all the same shit.
Same winners, same losers.
So, you call yourself
whatever the hell you want,
but when my Oswald puts a bullet
in that pretty little skull
of yours,
I'll be tap-dancing
on your grave,
like Ginger fucking Rogers.
It's a good thing
your other boys died
before you could turn
them into monsters like Oz, huh?
You shut your goddamn mouth.
What happened to them?
Are they even dead?
Or is Oz keeping them locked up
in some Eastside slum, too?
What are you--
Why would you-- Wh--
You hear it too, don't you?
Hmm?
The rain-rain.
They shoulda been home.
I went lookin'
all goddamn night.
You should be scouring
the streets for Christ's sake.
That's your job, ain't it?
Put out a goddamn report,
something!
I told ya.
Jack is 15. Benny's 10.
-Your boys?
-Yeah.
Jack and Benny?
No one seen 'em at the movies.
The arcade's closed.
Probably soakin' wet
and cold.
They didn't have
their umbrellas,
and it's been rainin' all night.
Please, you gotta find 'em.
It's been too long.
Francis, where do you think
you are right now?
Francis?
Yeah, you get the fuck away
from me.
Sofia?
Why are you here?
We may have a problem.
I have a friend that works
at Brookside Children's Home.
She's a psychiatrist.
Brookside is
the residential facility
that's looking after
your cousin Gia.
Okay.
Evidently, she's asking
to speak to the police.
She's the only loose end
from the gassing.
But Gia saw something
that night.
Do you know
what she might have seen?
No.
I don't know.
I don't want this
to be a burden to you.
And I'm happy...
to speak to her.
Sofia, if she talks...
I'll keep her quiet.
But I could use your help...
with something else.
Francis.
I'm Dr. Rush.
I'd like to ask you
a few questions.
Get back! Everybody, get back!
Jesus.
This place is filthy.
Figures you'd tuck your tail
into a shit pipe.
Listen up, everybody.
Oswald Cobb
is no longer in charge.
As of now,
you all work for the Gigante
and the Maroni families.
So I want you
to pack up this product
quickly and quietly. All right?
-The fuck are you lookin' at?
-Hey, easy.
-Fuck that!
-Hey. Hey, hey, hey.
All right, I understand.
You need a minute
to process this.
You take that time now.
Good. Get back to work!
Listen, Sal, you got
some hate out. That's good.
I gave you what you want.
This whole thing,
it's yours now.
Start of a whole new empire.
Why you gonna share it
with Carmine's daughter, huh?
Jesus!
After everything
the Falcones took from you...
Look at this shit.
You got access
to the whole city.
Just like a sewer rat.
After we finishing packing up
Sofia's drugs,
I'm gonna take you to her place.
That's where you die, Oz.
Only thing left
for her and I to figure out
is how we're gonna do it.
You know what
I'll never forget, Sal?
It's the smell.
The burning flesh,
you know, muscle, fat, shit.
The smell of hair.
I didn't anticipate that.
It's real distinct.
Tell me somethin'.
Did your beautiful wife, Nadia,
did she wear a special kind
of hairspray or somethin'?
'Cause, man, she went up
like a tinderbox.
Gimme a light.
Mr. Maroni,
don't fucking touch--
Motherfucker.
What are you doin'?
Come on, you bastard. Let's go.
Let's go.
Come on. Come on!
Oh.
Oh, hell no. No, no, no, no.
Sal, Sal, look at me.
Look at me!
I beat you, Sal.
You hear me? I beat you. I win.
The fuck?!
Come on. Jesus Christ!
You were supposed
to destroy me, Sal!
Show me what a big man you are,
what a fucking big man you are!
Huh? Well, I got you.
I fucking got you!
You filthy, stupid prick!
Fuck you!
Tryin' to steal from me?
Try to take what's mine,
what I built?
What'd you say?
I didn't hear ya.
Say it again.
Yeah. Didn't think so.
I beat you, Salvatore Maroni.
I win.
Everybody gather round.
This man...
his men...
dead, 'cause you did
the right thing.
You protected your home,
your investment.
I'm proud of ya, grateful to ya.
But this ain't over.
There's a storm comin'.
I'm gonna need your help.
This way, Miss Gigante.
-End it!
-Gia, you have a visitor.
Hi.
Thank you.
I know your doctor
has been asking questions.
Did you tell her
that you saw something?
I'm here to help you.
It's okay. You can tell me.
What did you see?
I... saw a mask.
In your bag.
Did you kill them?
My mom and my dad?
Is that what you think?
That...
I would do something...
as horrible as that?
Gia.
I loved your mom and dad.
I know you want someone
to blame.
But it was nobody's fault.
It was a terrible accident.
Do you understand?
Good.
Did you do this to yourself?
Come here.
It might sound confusing...
and I know that it hurts...
but your mom and your dad,
everyone in our family,
they were bad people,
who deserved it.
And I am glad that they're gone.
Don't hurt yourself
because of them.
This is a gift.
You're gonna get out of here,
and you're gonna find
a new home.
And...
whatever woman you become...
you deserve much better than...
what this family
could have offered.
Salvatore.
Nah. Sal's dead, sweetheart.
Take it in.
It ain't how you were hopin'
it'd go.
You wanna kill me.
I get it.
But there is one thing
you want more.
Ever since I known ya, you know,
you had your eye on the throne.
Now it's your chance.
All you gotta do
is bring her to me,
just bring her to me.
Not a hair on her head
out of place.
I'll give it to you,
the whole fuckin' thing,
the Bliss, my operation,
my connects.
The keys to the fuckin' kingdom
are here, Sofia.
Whaddya say?
And then it was just
you and Oz.
Tell me how that felt.
Go with it.
Julian.
I need to talk to you.
Salvatore Maroni is dead.
Oz... killed him.
Are you all right?
Oz wants me
to bring him his mother
in exchange for the product.
And, uh...
I agreed.
No. Sofia, it's a trap.
I know.
But it doesn't matter.
None of it matters.
What did Gia say to you?
Is she gonna be a problem?
Before my father put me away,
he wanted me
to take over the Family.
He put me in an institution.
And the second I got out,
I walked...
right into another one.
She's right.
Francis is right. I thought
I was doing something different,
and I... I thought that I...
I thought that I was different.
But I'm still playing
my father's game.
I'm-I'm abiding by his rules.
I--
Jesus Christ, I can't...
breathe.
I can't breathe.
Sofia, look at me.
Your father's hand
is not on your throat anymore.
It doesn't matter what he
or anyone else wanted for you.
What do you want?
I wanna be free.
And I want Oz to feel pain...
real pain,
the kind that I have felt.
I need him to suffer...
for what he's done.
Richie, you heard from Vic?
Nah. I just keep getting
his voicemail.
All right.
All right!
I know this ain't the job
you signed up for.
But you're the only army I got.
I wouldn't ask for another.
All right?
Come on.
Oz?
Zeke, you got somethin'?
There's a black G-Wagen
heading your way.
That's our girl.
All right, everybody
out of sight.
Fingers off triggers
till I give the word.
Car's inside the tunnels.
Gates are closed and locked.
Good.
Come on, doll.
What are you waitin' for?
Hi.
Sweetheart,
there ain't no goin' back.
The doors are locked.
I got your product.
You got my ma.
As long as she's okay...
we're good here.
We gonna stare
at each other all night?
You wanna finish this? Come on.
Your mother is
a very interesting woman, Oz.
Yeah, I know what my mother is.
She helped me realize
a few things.
I keep trying on
all these different faces,
but...
none of them feel quite right.
Hey! Hey!
Hey.
What the fuck is goin' on?
You think you know
what I want.
That it's the same
for you and me.
Of course you do.
I guess this game was made
for men like you...
like my father.
Same winners.
Same losers.
It's why everyone expected me
to die in Arkham.
No one even considered
that I might learn something
there...
how to play new games.
I left ya a present.
You find it yet?
Yo, Oz, what's goin' on?
Oz, what's in the car?
Oh, fuck!
There's enough time
to get out,
I think.
If you do, come by and see us.
Oh, my God! It's a bomb!
Ma?
I got dinner for ya.
You're up.
Get dressed.
We're goin' out.
Go on. Your suit.
I can't do this alone no more.
You have to promise me
that you're gonna make something
of yourself,
that you'll get me
every goddamn thing I deserve.
Or I ain't gonna make it.
I don't know how else
I can live with this, Oswald.
But you'll make me happy.
'Cause I deserve
a happy life.
Don't I?
Don't I, Oswald? Tell me.
Course you do, Ma.
You deserve the best life,
and I'm gonna get it for ya.
I promise.
And I ain't gonna quit
till I do.
Vic?
Well, if ain't the Penguin.
-You made it.
-The fuck did you call me?
Sofia wants to see ya.